West Yorkshire Police searched six houses in Leeds today in connection with the London bombings.
Further properties were searched in Dewsbury, about eight miles from the city centre.
The Metropolitan Police released two photographs at 15:30 today as a result of an intense investigation into London bomb attacks of last week.
Allegedly involved in the second set of attacks on London in July, which targeted the city's public transport infrastructure, Osman was arrested in Rome by Italian police on July 29, just one week after the failed attacks.
On September 13, a final appeal against extradition was rejected by an Italian court despite his lawyer's protests that he could not get a fair trial in the UK.
"If nothing else, an enquiry would make sure some of these lessons were learnt in case, God forbid, anything like this happened again. I thought there were plansin place for emergencies such as this. Whilst the emergency services did a fantastic job on the day, I have been stunningly underwhelmed by the support offered to victims since." - "Pauline"
Relatives of the dead have also been very critical. Quoted on the BBC's website, Saba Mozakka, the daughter of Behnaz Mozakka,who died in the Piccadilly Line explosion, said: "The families will be campaigning for there to be a full public inquiry. A narrative of events will not satisfy anybody. This is not something we will go away on."
A fourth bomb exploded on a bus nearly an hour later in Tavistock Square.
The four suicide bombers were all UK residents, and while Al Qaeda has claimed responsibility for the attacks, police are unsure of its exact role in the attack.
All of the men are British citizens. The two men found not guilty are Nabeel Hussain and Shujah Mahmood.
The details of the 7 July link had not been brought in front of the jury during the trial of the fertiliser bomb planners.
52 stainless steel columns standing 3.5m (11.5ft) tall were inaugurated in the presence of Prince Charles, the Duchess of Cornwall Camilla Bowles, Prime Minister Gordon Brown, London Mayor Boris Johnson and Minister for London, Tessa Jowell.
Each column represented "a unique person and a unique grief" according to the Minister for London.
