West Yorkshire Police searched six houses in Leeds today in connection with the London bombings.
Houses were searched in the Burley, Beeston and Holbeck areas.
Further properties were searched in Dewsbury, about eight miles from the city centre.
The raids began at 6:30am BST this morning after warrants were issued under the Terrorism Act 2000.
Police are still in attendance at one property, and are describing the searches as significant, and "intelligence led".
Access to one house was gained using a robot-deployed controlled explosion. Other houses were entered by armed police.
London Metropolitan Police commissioner Sir Ian Blair said that the operation "is directly connected to the outrages on Thursday".
A "significant amount" of explosives was recovered from the Burley property.
Following the discovery of the explosive, military bomb disposal experts were sent to the scene.
Around 600 people were evacuated from the surrounding area.
Temporary food and shelter is being provided by the local council at Kirkstall Leisure Centre, a mile away.
Profiles of the suspects in the July 7, 2005 bombings in London have been released. They are all British nationals.
The four alleged suicide bombers - Shahzad Tanweer, 22, attended Leeds Metropolitan University, where he studied sports science. Hasib Hussain, 18, from Leeds. Mohammed Sidique Khan, 30, born in Pakistan, from Dewsbury. Lindsey Germaine: Piccadilly Line train, Jamaican-born resident of Aylesbury.
Shahzad and Hasib were reported missing by their families the previous week.
The suspects were caught on surveillance camera arriving at Kings Cross station at 08:30 BST, each carrying military style back packs, on the day of the blasts.
The suspects were then seen going their separate ways twenty minutes before the explosions.
It is suspected that the delayed fourth bombing aboard a double-decker bus was intended for travelers on the Northern Line, which had been suspended earlier that morning.
Alleged accomplices - Magdi Asdi el-Nashar: renter of a house where explosives were found; an Egyptian-born biochemistry lecturer who has disappeared. Ejaz Fiaz (also named as Eliaz Fiaz): possible co-conspirator, in his early thirties, from Beeston, Leeds. Initially thought to have been the suicide bomber on the Piccadilly Line train. Unnamed co-conspirator: an Al Qaeda operative believed to be the bomb-maker and cell organizer, described as a Pakistani in his 30s, who entered Britain through a port some time in June 2005, and left the country on 6 July. Mustafa Setmariam Nasar: suspected planner also believed to have organized the 11 March 2004 Madrid bombings.
The Metropolitan Police released two photographs at 15:30 today as a result of an intense investigation into London bomb attacks of last week.
The photographs show Hassib Hussain who is believed to be bomber of London bus #30.
The first photograph is a passport photo of Hasib Hussain and the second shows is a crop of a CCTV image from Luton station at 7:20 on the day of the attack.
The Metropolitan Police claimed in a statement that they believe that the 18 year old traveled from West Yorkshire in the company of three men.
He was seen at Luton Station at 07.20 on the morning of the bombings.
Police are trying to gain more eyewitness information and have asked the public to call the telephone number: 0800 789321 (+44 800 789321 if outside the UK) if they saw Hussain last Thursday around the Kings Cross area.
The Metropolitan Police made a request for any additional information about Hasib's whearabouts after he left Luton.
"We need to establish his movements between 8.26am at King's Cross and 9.47am on the #30 bus when the explosion occurred. Did you see this man at King's Cross? Was he alone or with others? Do you know the route he took from the station? Did you see him get on to a #30 bus? And if you did, where and when was that."
The London bomb suspect, Hussain Osman, also known as Hamdi Issac, has arrived in London and been arrested following his extradition from Italy.
Allegedly involved in the second set of attacks on London in July, which targeted the city's public transport infrastructure, Osman was arrested in Rome by Italian police on July 29, just one week after the failed attacks.
On September 13, a final appeal against extradition was rejected by an Italian court despite his lawyer's protests that he could not get a fair trial in the UK.
Osman is accused of planting the failed bomb at Shepherd's Bush Underground station.
His flight subsequent to the attack proved futile as phone records led police to Rome, and a raid on his brother's apartment, where he was captured.
Pending his extradition, he was held at Rebibbia jail, Rome, a high-security facility on the outskirts of the city.
He left the jail late on Thursday and the Ethiopian-born terror suspect flew out of Italy at 12pm local time, accompanied by officers from the Metropolitan police.
Flying on a chartered private jet, Osman and his escort landed at RAF Northolt, where Osman was charged on arrival.
He is expected to be put on trial at the Old Bailey in London, alongside the other suspects involved in the failed attacks.
Survivors of the London Bombings have urged the British public to write to their MPs, and set up an online petition calling for an independent Public Inquiry into the attacks.
52 people were killed and hundreds more injured on July 7th 2005 when four suicide bombers blew themselves up on three separate London Underground trains and a public bus.
Earlier this week the British government rejected calls for a Public Inquiry, arguing that such an investigation would be too expensive, take too long, and be a distraction from their efforts to combat terrorism.
Instead, the government has offered to put together a "narrative of events".
But survivors of the attack argue that a fully comprehensive investigation could teach valuable lessons which may help reduce the likelihood of future attacks, and improve the response capabilities of the emergency services.
Some survivors, such as Rachel North (a pseudonym), who has been active in organising a support group for her fellow victims, have been angered by the government's alternative proposal of a "narrative".
Writing on the weblog she started to help her, and others, come to terms with the aftermath of July 7th, Ms North says: "Even if you don't like the questions, don't like the answers, think you know the answers already, Mr Blair, it is us, not you, who are paying the cost for this. If the cost of answering questions makes you squirm, then too bad. We run the risks on the trains, the buses, the streets each day. How dare you presume you know our questions and how dare you presume that they can be answered by a 'narrative of what happened', as if we are children to be placated with a story. I know what happened, I want to know why."
Ms North also quotes a number of other survivors: "We are constantly reminded that this is the worst peace time bombing London has ever seen, for something that bad there should be an inquiry. People died, families lost someone they loved and hundreds are still suffering. You can't put a price on that but apparently the government can." - "Fiona"
"If nothing else, an enquiry would make sure some of these lessons were learnt in case, God forbid, anything like this happened again. I thought there were plansin place for emergencies such as this. Whilst the emergency services did a fantastic job on the day, I have been stunningly underwhelmed by the support offered to victims since." - "Pauline"
An anonymous survivor, writing on the "Yorkshire lass" website, says: "'When I watched the Al-Qaeda video declaring Jihad against the UK I was haunted by the familiarity of the voice, it was my voice, my accent, my dialect. This is not a man who was recruited and trained in some far off country that I have barely heard of, this was a man who was recruited and trained while he lived 20 minutes from my mother's home where I was born and raised.The words he spoke of are words similar to what I have heard many times from disillusioned young men that I studied for my A Levels with. They are the words of hatred I overheard when I worked as a support worker at my local college. They were words of students who were educated. when someone follows through with the actions of those opinions to the detriment of others, questions need to be asked why preventions were not put in place and this needs to be done by public inquiry for peace of mind.I have been told that I am looking for justice in the wrong place and in some way that is right. However, I want some sort of justice, some manner of peace of mind, some questions answered and resolutions made. I don't want others to have to go through what myself and hundreds of other commuters did on that Summer's day.'"
Relatives of the dead have also been very critical. Quoted on the BBC's website, Saba Mozakka, the daughter of Behnaz Mozakka,who died in the Piccadilly Line explosion, said: "The families will be campaigning for there to be a full public inquiry. A narrative of events will not satisfy anybody. This is not something we will go away on."
Marie Fatayi-Williams, whose son Anthony was killed in the attack, told the BBC: "I ask myself - if there is really nothing to hide then why shy away from a public inquiry? It is the only real way that we can truly get things discussed and see for ourselves what happened and what lessons can be learnt and whether we are better prepared now than on 7 July. I have a son who was killed and is never going to come back. Nobody is going to tell me that [an inquiry] is a waste of police time."
The survivors' petition has so far gathered over 100 signatures. The British government has given no response as yet.
Londoners are commemorating the one year anniversary of the terrorist attacks on its transport networks that claimed 52 lives.
On this day last year, a series of coordinated suicide bombings struck London's public transport system during the morning rush hour, with three bombs exploded within 50 seconds of each other on three London Underground trains.
A fourth bomb exploded on a bus nearly an hour later in Tavistock Square.
Fifty-two people were killed in the attacks, as were the four bombers, and about 700 injured in the deadliest single act of terrorism in the United Kingdom since the Lockerbie bombing in 1988 and the deadliest bombing in London since the Second World War.
The four suicide bombers were all UK residents, and while Al Qaeda has claimed responsibility for the attacks, police are unsure of its exact role in the attack.
Flowers were laid by mayor Ken Livingstone and Tessa Jowell, Secretary of State for Culture, near Kings Cross station at 8:50 a.m. BST (0750 UTC), marking the time and place of the first attack on a Piccadilly Line train beneath the station.
Prime Minister Tony Blair, who attended a private memorial at London's Fire Brigade headquarters, said "This is a time when our country unites across all races, religions and divides and stands in solidarity with all those who have suffered so much, in sympathy with them and in defence of the values which we share,", and recalled the efforts of emergency and public service personnel and the public at large, in the aftermath of the attack.
Tributes were also paid at Tavistock Square where a bus was attacked at 9:47 a.m. BST this day one year ago.
The bells of St Paul's Cathedral tolled at the exact time of each of the bombings.
A two minutes silence was held across the UK at noon BST (1100 UTC), including at the Wimbledon tennis tournament.
In many schools, offices, shops and town centres across the country the two minutes was observed.
Other events are planned around London for later in the day.
Special programmes have been broadcast on British television to mark the occasion.
Yesterday, a video of one of the bombers, Shehzad Tanweer, was broadcast on the Al-Jazeera television channel, claiming to link the attacks with Al-Qaeda.
Five men were found guilty Monday for their part in an unsuccessful plot to carry out bombings in the UK.
The five had been arrested in 2004 in a police raid named Operation Crevice.
Two other men arrested and charged at the time were found not guilty.
The trial at the Old Bailey criminal court in London took place over the past year and had been carried out with little detail being released.
It has now been revealed that the guilty had planned large fertiliser bombings of a nightclub, gas power plant and shopping mall.
All five were found guilty of plotting to cause an explosion likely to endanger life and have been jailed with life sentences.
The five convicted are Omar Khyam, 25, Waheed Mahmood, 34, and Jawad Akbar, 23, from Crawley, West Sussex, Salahuddin Amin, 31, from Luton, Bedfordshire and Anthony Garcia, 24, of Barkingside, east London.
All of the men are British citizens. The two men found not guilty are Nabeel Hussain and Shujah Mahmood.
During summations, the judge, Sir Michael Astill, criticised the guilty men for plotting against their country. "You have betrayed this country that has given you every opportunity," said judge Astill. "All of you may never be released. It's not a foregone conclusion."
It was also revealed that some of the fertiliser bomb conspirators had met with two of the London subway bombers. Opposition parties have now called for an independent inquiry into the 7 July link.
The details of the 7 July link had not been brought in front of the jury during the trial of the fertiliser bomb planners.
A Canadian man, Momin Khawaja, was arrested in 2004 and has been held in a Canadian jail ever since.
He is accused of being a co-conspirator with five British plotters for allegedly developing bomb detonators.
Khawaja is considered an un-indicted co-conspirator with relation to the British case.
Khawaja is the first person to be held under the 2001 Anti-Terrorism Act under Canada's Criminal Code, put in place by Canada's then Liberal government.
Khawaja has been charged with seven offences under the new laws.
"He's been in custody for more than three years, facing these charges," said Lawrence Greenspon, Khawaja's lawyer.
"The (British) jury obviously had a great deal of difficulty coming to a decision," Greenspon told CTV News.
"Even with that, two of the seven were acquitted."
A court in the United Kingdom has been shown footage of the bombers that attacked London on July 7, 2005.
The jury were told that the footage, taken by a CCTV camera, was taken just nine days before the bombings.
The video was shown as part of the trials of Waheed Ali, Mohammed Shakil and Sadeer Saleem, who are charged with conspiracy to cause an explosion, because of their alleged involvement in the preparation of the bombings.
Three of the July 7 bombers, Mohammed Siddique Khan, Shezhad Tanweer and Jermaine Lindsay, were shown in the video, although the other bomber, Hasib Hussain, was not seen in the video.
The film was taken from a camera located at Luton railway station.
Russell Square after the bombings. Image: Francis Tyers.
The footage, which was shown to Kingston Crown Court was described by Teletext as 'chilling.'
Last month a video showing Mohammad Siddique Khan saying goodbye to his child was shown in the court.
In the video he explained his reasoning for his actions.
"And I'm doing what I'm doing for the sake of Islam, not, you know, it's not for materialistic or worldly benefits," he said, when talking to his six month old daughter.
The defendants in the trial have previously been accused of helping to find locations for further bombings.
The July 7 bombings were a series of coordinated bombings which struck London on the morning of July 7, 2005.
52 people died and approximately 700 were injured as a result of the bombings.
When commenting on the defendants, Neil Flewitt QC claimed that "it is the case that the defendants associated with and shared the beliefs and objectives of the London bombers."
A permanent memorial for the victims of the July 7, 2005 London bombings has been unveiled in Hyde Park, London, England.
Today is the fourth anniversary of the bombings, when 52 people were killed by suicide bombers on board three Underground trains and a bus.
52 stainless steel columns standing 3.5m (11.5ft) tall were inaugurated in the presence of Prince Charles, the Duchess of Cornwall Camilla Bowles, Prime Minister Gordon Brown, London Mayor Boris Johnson and Minister for London, Tessa Jowell.
Each column represented "a unique person and a unique grief" according to the Minister for London.
Jowell continued, "Each one casts a shadow just as they do - each one standing tall and proud just as they did, and each one will in an individual way absorb and reflect light just as they did."
A 1.4 tonne stainless steel plaque with the names of the people killed was also unveiled.
Prince Charles laid a wreath on behalf of the nation. The Duchess of Cornwall left a floral tribute for the families of the victims.
The families themselves laid roses and then met the prince and the duchess.
Police at Scotland Yard have discovered that the suicide bombers who mounted an attack on London on July 7th had rehearsed their plan nine days earlier.
As part of the formal investigation into the attacks, detectives studied thousands of hours of CCTV footage.
The images show three of the bombers entering Luton station, before travelling to King's Cross station where they are also pictured.
Police were able to trace their movements after recovering tickets and receipts from houses connected to the bombers which indicated the route of their trip.
Scotland Yard says the practice run shows 'terrorist methodology'. Over 3,000 witness statements have been gathered and 80,000 CCTV tapes analysed, and the investigation is expected to carry on for many months to come.
Terror Timetable: Sidique Khan and Tanweer meet Lindsay at Luton Station at 8:10 a.m. The three buy tickets and catch a train to King's Cross. The men arrive at King's Cross at 8:55 a.m. and are seen at Baker Steet at midday. The bombers leave King's Cross at 12:50 p.m. and arrive back in Luton at 1:40 p.m. If you have information in connection with the London bombings please call the Anti-Terrorist Hotline on 0800 789321.